Update code style documentation (#7477)
frankframework/frankframework: AdditionalCodingGuidelines.md

	 - The idea is to put focus the actual operations your code does instead of burying that
		in the ceremony around it.

8. Usage of 'var'
	Since Java 9, the usage of `var` is supported. This is still strongly typed, but notation is less verbose:
	`String string = new String()` can become `var string = new String()`.
	This can become less readable when using the return type of a method. To keep code as readable as possible, we only use 

> 	this 'locally'. This means, a local value. Try to avoid using var for method return types, this makes code less readable 

Reviewer: This is not clear. It reads as if the method return type can be specified as `var`, which is not true. And a local variable can also be assigned a method return value.

```suggestion
	this when the type is clear, such as a direct assignment of a string or scalar value or constructor. Try to avoid using `var` for variables assigned from method return values, this makes code less readable
```

Since javadoc is used for generating documentation in the Frank!Doc, it's important to provide usable information in the class for Frank Developers.

* Please provide documentation in the javadoc if there's been a (breaking) change and offer an example in the documentation. See [FixedResultPipe.java](https://github.com/frankframework/frankframework/blob/master/core/src/main/java/org/frankframework/pipes/FixedResultPipe.java) for instance.  
* When using multiline Code examples, please use `<pre>{@code ... }</pre>` blocks.
* When referring to classes, please use `{@link ClassName}`
* When referring to a class value, please use `{@value #VALUE}`

> * When referring to a value (of a parameter, variable, etc), please use `{@literal null}`

Reviewer: Perhaps you can add a clarification that the Frank!Doc treats this differently than regular JavaDoc so that the literal will stand out as a code literal?
